# Privacy Policy

We want you to be aware of exactly what sort of information we're retaining when
you use our platform. We strongly believe in your right to privacy as much as is
possible when using a platform like ours. We do not use any of your information
for marketing purposes and we do not resell your information. All of what we
collect is either for our systems analysis, our security, or for your ease of use
of this platform. The following uses are all-encompassing.

- We use Google reCAPTCHA to ensure that folks using our platform as guests aren't
  abusing our platform. Your IP address and CAPTCHA response gets sent to Google.
  We aren't privvy to what they use that data for, but we do retain statistics on
  that data so that we can get a better idea of how many fraudsters are using
  our platform.
- We use Mailjet as our outbound SMTP platform for mailing transactional emails.
  These emails are purely for your ease and are used for things like resetting
  and verifying accounts or sending notifications when someone submits an RSVP
  to your event. You can avoid this third-party service altogether by simply
  refraining from creating an account with us. We're not privvy to what Mailjet
  might additionally do with your data.
- We use Stripe to process payments. They have to keep certain records on file
  for PCI/DSS compliance. They may ask for additional information from you when
  you pay for an event but if you're only here to submit an RSVP, you'll never
  encounter this. We keep track of some of those records (mainly the invoices)
  purely for financial accounting purposes, and we never store your financial
  data like credit cards and the like. We're not privvy to what Stripe additionally
  uses any of your data for.
- Lastly, we of course retain all events and accounts that are created directly
  on our platform. When creating an account, we don't ask for your name--only
  your email address. These can be deleted without breaking any events created
  with those accounts, so please feel free to reach out to us at any time if you
  really want to delete your account. Keep in mind that we necessarily keep all
  of the submitted values for any fields that might be associated with events,
  which includes the names of event participants. These are always exclusively
  used for the convenience of the event coordinator--we never use them for
  marketing purposes, and they are never sold to third parties.

